okay let's bring up the teams for the
wva ladies super bantamweight title and
let's break up the pen now the lesser
many go to their trainer and Angelo
Reyes commander and to my right Lisa
brown barrel Brown trainer and Michael
Smith mint
okay same format will strike with the
management side and I'll glass my
coachman to begin thank you
four-time champion right behind me
longtime couple also she's hungry with a
long time come Saturday night take a
look at that another item thank you
okay thank you Michael Angelo ray as I
just had to say something about Android
is a terrific guy
we just met the arrive but it's through
his impetus and I was saying this is a
Filipino community the other night and
dogged determination that got team
bullets in here before this dis fight
and I just wanted I just want to
recognize that because I I deal with a
lot of people with disability good or
what he doesn't want to give them to you
those Angelo thank you everybody thank
you that talent the entire staff alright
supports medical Jenna thank you very
much thank you Miss Brown because my
breath I was huge fan women's boxing and
everything that so Saturday night we
promise you guys that the best female
boxing peppers in the world we promise
that classically Lisa Braun is a beast
on ludes innocent peace
Lisa was supposed to fight Kelsey
Jeffries Carlton Kelsey Jefferies so
this is one of those things just like
that one said both ladies we were on the
other card open surrounds about
championship fight I don't know if he
still remembers that I remember the
lands we looked at least prevalent wow
that is a woman who really takes this
seriously she's extremely well built
commands respect you know even at that
time regular she was screaming on old
and it said well maybe there's something
here we are so this is going to be the
terminating I think who is the best
hundred and twenty two pounder out there
in the world and we want to thank again
you know the G Brown Mike chef put this
together and look forward to a really
good fight really good so let's now
bring up Harold Brown please is truly
the best hunter than 25 one fighter in
the world and I'm sorry the nice she's
going to prove that and the rest is
sided Thank You Olga is here thank you
and welcome back my really good buddy
we've been down the trail here a few
times over the last couple of years all
the way from the Philippines my good
friend and you know the Nair senior as
they call morning everyone
anchor then I just want to say about
Anna
since is a very hardworking 1c
transmitter her sister yo ro r woke up
in the Jean a video and soon was too big
for even my eyes an hour and so I think
being prisoner I'm really impressed with
her but I must be impressed if you
disobey me thank you combatant see
themselves I'm ready I'm in shape
I'm a warrior and destroy story it's
going to be a fight for fight -
initiating the peloton I do a thing and
so am I and everything is always a bad
news
so for about that somebody's didn't need
in his companions
great thank you Lisa and now the
hurricane and on the left over in this
country and it's beautiful it's been a
very heartfelt it's been very welcoming
and I thank you for welcoming us by
coming up a couple of days exciting I
think a helluva play in a ride sort of a
network and you pay whenever TV for
giving us this opportunity not only for
myself and team grout wall Sephora opens
box anything in the entire world very
proud would be a part of this or god I
represent well team Brown date is like
the best female fighters a female team
out there and we want to be able to
showcase why the whole world needs to
know and that women's boxing will have
another light than that the great
element in boxing so thank you very much
okay see you guys there Marshall inside
okay ladies close up please
guys can pull your hormones